  # write a brief into on avilable datatypes in javascript

1.Number:

The number type represents both integer and floating point numbers.

There are many operations for numbers, e.g. multiplication *, division /, addition +, subtraction -, and so on.

Besides regular numbers, there are so-called “special numeric values” which also belong to this data type: Infinity, -Infinity and NaN.


2.Blignt:
In JavaScript, the “number” type cannot represent integer values larger than (253-1) (that’s 9007199254740991), or less than -(-253-1) for negatives. It’s a technical limitation caused by their internal representation.

For most purposes that’s quite enough, but sometimes we need really big numbers, e.g. for cryptography or microsecond-precision timestamps.

BigInt type was recently added to the language to represent integers of arbitrary length.

A BigInt value is created by appending n to the end of an integer:


3.string:
	A string in JavaScript must be surrounded by quotes.

In JavaScript, there are 3 types of quotes.

Double quotes: "Hello".
Single quotes: 'Hello'.
Backticks: `Hello`.
Double and single quotes are “simple” quotes. There’s practically no difference between them in JavaScript.

Backticks are “extended functionality” quotes. They allow us to embed variables and expressions into a string by wrapping them in ${…}


4. Boolean:
he boolean type has only two values: true and false.

This type is commonly used to store yes/no values: true means “yes, correct”, and false means “no, incorrect”.


5.Null value:

In JavaScript, null is not a “reference to a non-existing object” or a “null pointer” like in some other languages.

It’s just a special value which represents “nothing”, “empty” or “value unknown”.

The code above states that age is unknown.

6. undefined :

The special value undefined also stands apart. It makes a type of its own, just like null.

The meaning of undefined is “value is not assigned”.

If a variable is declared, but not assigned, then its value is undefined:
